# Final Project

CODE EXPLANATION

Hello. The game that we have decided to create this year for our computer science CPT is bloons tower defense. However, this is not just any bloons tower defense. This is the updated, brand new, Bloons Tower Defense 7! In this game, the main objective is to ensure that the balloons do not get to the other side of the map. In order to achieve this feat, monkeys must be placed in order to pop the balloons. The player will start with 100 lives, and the game will continue until the player reaches zero lives. There are many different types of balloons with different movement speeds and can consist of more than one layer. The red balloon moves slowly and only has one layer, whereas other balloons, such as blue, green, and yellow, has even faster movement speeds and has two, three, and four layers respectively. The objective of this game is to last as long as possible and ensure that the balloons do not get to the other side. The monkeys are hand drawn by the one and only, Xavier Chen. Each monkeys have their own abilities with different pros and cons. The dart monkey costs $1, the tack shooter costs $360, the boomerang monkey costs $350, and the ninja monkey costs $500. The player starts off with $350, and the player’s money will increase by one dollar for each layer of balloon popped. Our scoring system is based on the number of waves that are completed. The player will start at wave 0, which signifies that the player currently has zero points. 

